Resigned as General Director Giang
I did my best for 15 years in Giang Vinh.
You can't say fire me.
Doesn't the company pay you?
Working overtime is natural.
It is your responsibility and duty.
Prolong work until evening without chasing your smiling face
Last night's earthquake.
The bridge may collapse during construction.
I'm just asking you now, is the bridge collapsing?
No, what did you say?
I'll tell you right now.
This company is Giang.
I said fire, I can fire both of you.
Pack my things for me right away.
Jiang Bay Group does not need you to be idle like that.
Manager Tran
We just saved the company's life.
Take a break.
Who let people's new officials take office three times, so do we want to tell Xu Gong quickly?
Tell him to come back.
If this old lady had seen him, he would not have been at the station.
No, I don t think this old lady is stupid enough to move.
Otherwise, we'll play with self-immolating fire.
Guys, I hope you can make the company your home.
It's all about efficiency.
Don't walk around like those two, okay?
Total workers of Hui That project
What's that so-called project?